.\" Macros
.\" define indentation for suboptions
.nr SS 5
.de IPs
.IP "\\$1" \n(SS
..
.TH "mousetweaks" 1
.SH NAME
mousetweaks \- Accessibility enhancements for the mouse
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B mousetweaks
[\-\-enable\-dwell] [\-\-enable\-secondary]
[\-\-dwell\-time=FLOAT] [\-\-secondary\-time=FLOAT]
[\-m|\-\-dwell\-mode=STRING] [\-c|\-\-show\-ctw]
[\-x|\-\-ctw\-x=INT] [\-y|\-\-ctw\-y=INT]
[\-t|\-\-threshold=INT] [\-a|\-\-animate\-cursor]
[\-s|\-\-shutdown] [\-?|\-\-help]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B mousetweaks
is a daemon that provides various mouse features for the GNOME desktop.
It depends on the Assistive Technology Service Provider Interface (AT-SPI).
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-enable\-dwell
Automatically perform mouse clicks without using a physical button.
.TP
.B \-\-enable\-secondary
Trigger the secondary mouse button when the primary mouse button is held down
for a specified amount of time.
.TP
.B \-\-dwell\-time=FLOAT
Time to keep the pointer motionless before a dwell click is performed.
Range: 0.2 - 3.0 seconds.
.TP
.B \-\-secondary\-time=FLOAT
Time to hold the primary mouse button before a simulated secondary
click is performed. Range: 0.5 - 3.0 seconds.
.TP
.B \-m, \-\-dwell\-mode=STRING
Select a dwelling mode. Available arguments are: window, gesture
.RS
.IPs WINDOW
Select the active click type from a window or a panel applet.
.IPs GESTURE
Perform clicks by moving in different directions after the cursor changes
its shape.
.RE
.TP
.B \-c, \-\-show\-ctw
Show the click\-type window. Only useful in combination with dwell\-mode=window.
.TP
.B \-x, \-\-ctw\-x=INT
X Position of the click\-type window on screen.
.TP
.B \-y, \-\-ctw\-y=INT
Y Position of the click\-type window on screen.
.TP
.B \-t, \-\-threshold=INT
Ignore small pointer movements. Range 0 - 30 pixels.
.TP
.B \-a, \-\-animate-cursor
Show elapsed time as cursor overlay.
.TP
.B \-s, \-\-shutdown
Stop the mousetweaks daemon.
.SH FILES
.I ~/.mousetweaks.pid
.RS
The daemon creates a lock file in the users home directory to keep track
of its status.
.SH BUGS
Report bugs to
.UR http://bugzilla.gnome.org/
<http://bugzilla.gnome.org/>
.UE
.SH AUTHORS
mousetweaks was written by Gerd Kohlberger <lowfi@chello.at>
.SH LICENSE
Licenced under the GNU General Public License v3 or later.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR "dwell\-click\-applet" (1),
.BR "pointer\-capture\-applet" (1),
Assistive Technology Service Provider Interface (AT\-SPI)
